draft-001-dbs (#1083)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/05-app-profile/10-service-listings/1-mysql.md

|Description (optional)       | Description of the App Profile | 
|Tag (optional)               | Tags on a cluster group are propagated to the cloud/datacenter environments|
 

4. From the available services start configuring your App Profile. Refer to [App Profiles](/devx/app-profile) for a list of available services.

5. Click on **MySQL** from the DB services and start the configuration.
  

6. Provide the following information to the wizard:
  * **Name:** The DB name. You can have the default Palette generated name or create a custom name. 
  * **Root Password:** Security password for the DB service.

<InfoBox>

You can use the default system-generated password. If the default password is used, it can be retrieved from the MySQL secrets using the following command:

```
kubectl get secrets -A
```

For using a custom password, use the [base 64 encoder](https://www.base64encode.org/) to generate an encoded password and add to the basic information wizard. 
</InfoBox>

  * Database Volume Size (GiB): Select the volume as per the storage volume available in the cluster group and virtual clusters. 

>   * Select the version from the **Version** drop-down. The following are the Palette supported MySQL versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Select the version from the **Version** drop-down. Palette supports the following MySQL version:
```

    * 5.7

6. Output Variables: The output variables of this tier that may be used in higher tiers, typically for connection purposes are:

```
{{.spectro.app.$appDeploymentName.mysql-1.ROOT_PASSWORD}}
```
```
{{.spectro.app.$appDeploymentName.mysql-1.MYSQLMSTR_SVC}}
```
```
{{.spectro.app.$appDeploymentName.mysql-1.MYSQLMSTR_SVC_PORT}}
```
```
{{.spectro.app.$appDeploymentName.mysql-1.MYSQLMSTR_NS}}
```

|**Output Variable**|**Description**|
|---------------|-----------|
|Root Password|The password for default MySQL user's access control|
|MYSQLMSTR_SVC|Represents the DNS seed list connection format. The SRV indicates to the client that the hostname that follows corresponds to a DNS SRV record|
|MYSQLMSTR_SVC_PORT|Represents the port on which the database service is listening to|

> |MYSQLMSTR_NS|Represents the namespaces to which MySQL database is launched|

Reviewer: Add periods after descriptions.

# Validation

> * To validate your database service in App Profile, navigate to the **App Profiles** page, where all your app profiles are listed. Click the **App Profile Name** to see the service layers.

Reviewer: In line 104, suggest: Select the app profile you created and review the service layers. 

Or use the suggestion for MongoDB.

> * Validate the services from the App page after app deployment. First, navigate to the **App** page, where all your apps are listed. Then, click the **App Name** to see the service layers. The color code in the app profile box shows the status of the service deployment.

Reviewer: In line 107, suggest: 
To validate MySQL is successfully deployed, click **Apps** in the **Main Menu**, and select the app that has MongoDB. The table displays the status of the application and each of its services.

Slightly reworded and a couple words were missing.
